Happy new year!Posting sand's mail...a crazy mud digger!一刀-sunf(Fri Jan 1)
----------------------------------------------------------------------
hi

guess where I went....xixi...went on a ski trip with my friends, no parents
o!...really kool. But gosh! the only part that can move on my body is my
fingers..I can't lift up my left hand, my head can only turn 20 degrees, my
feet are killing me every step I takes, my eyes like goldfishes and they feel
like 100 degrees. and I have a fever.

That's it..yeah that's it.....other than that, the trip was really really a
loooot of fun.  It's 3 days and 2 nights, I went to sleep the first night at
1, the second night I didn't sleep. Last night I went to sleep at 8 and got up
at 1 in the afternoon, never slept that long in my whole life.  Everybody fell
really hard, my frend bumped into a tree 6 or 7 times, she can't even sit, cuz
her butt hurts.  I didn't fall as much on the first day, the second day I got
a really fast pair of skis, fell every 10 meters. The last time I fell on my
head, it was so scary, cuz I was sitting there in the snow, and feels like I
just had a memory loss, I was so scared, cuz I totally forgot what happened,
and I was just sitting there trying to remember everything. when I got a
little better, I got up and started walking to the lift, it's the kinda
feeling u have in dreams u know, I see things happeninng, friends waving to
me, but I can't respond.....and then the night I didn't go to sleep cuz we
stayed up and gambled, the next day I am not tired at all, but totally dizzy.

Im a little better now but I got a really bad fever.  guess gonna sleep a
little more...chat* blush...chat* zzz

guess I'll go dig when I feel a little better, my brain still has problem
operating.

well, hope u and ur sis the best for the new year, and merry a belated
christmas to u

miss u all

-> from sand's mail, haha, she is really a crazy girl, a lovely sister...
We all proud of her...and a bit jealous, cuz we can't go to ski with her...

so HAPPY NEW YEAR to all guys! Let's dig dig and dig!

chat* seal sunf                          笛侍-diva(Fri Jan  1)
----------------------------------------------------------------------
啊~~~~sunf........我以后没脸见人啦！
chat* blush
chat* escape
chat* hate1 diva


